                             || PRACTICE QUESTION ||

1. Write a C program to check a number is entered by user is an Armstrong number or not by user defined function 
2.  Write a C program to check which number is greatest among three numbers entered by user using user defined function.
3.  Write a C program to check which number is greatest among two numbers entered by user using user defined function. 
4. Write a C program to check a number is entered by user is a Leap year or not using user defined function. 
5. Write a C program to print sum of 1st and 3rd digits of any 5 digits number entered by user using user defined function. 
6. Write a C program to check a number is entered by user is a prime number or not. 
7. Write a C program to print the multiplication table of a number upto n using user defined function 
8. Write a C program to print the sum of the digits of any five digits number entered  by user using user defined function. 
9. Write a C program to print the reverse of any 5 digits number under integer range entered by user using user defined function. 
10. Write a C program to calculate selection of n objects from r objects, n & r are  entered  by user using user defined function.  
11. Write a C Program to calculate the factorial of any number using recursion, using user defined function.  
12. Write a C Program to calculate the gcd of two number using recursion, numbers are entered by user using user defined function.  
13. Write a C program to check a number is entered by user is a palindrome number or not using user defined function.            
14. Write a C program  to input values into an array & display it by using user defined function.            
15. Write a C program  to count the even and odd number in the array by using user defined function.           
16.  Write a C program  to find the maximum and minimum number in the array by using user defined function. 
17. Write a C program  to add the elements of two integer array and store them into third array by using user defined function. 
18. Write a C program  to calculate the average marks of  students using array by using user defined function. 
19. Write a C program  to convert a decimal number to binary number by using user defined function 
20. Write a C program  passing one dimensional array elements to a function by using user defined function. 
21. Write a C program  to enter elements in a one dimension array and print whether they are even or odd by using user defined function. 
22. Write a C program  to understand the effect of passing an array to a function by using user defined function. 
23. Write a C program  to insert a element in an array by using user defined function. 
24. Write a C program  to delete an element from an array by using user defined function. 
25. Write a C program  to search an element by using linear search method by using user defined function. 
26. Write a C program  to search an element by using binary  search method when inputs elements  are in ascending order by using user defined function. 
27. Write a C program  to sort the given array by insertion technique by using user defined function. 
28. Write a menu based C program to perform the following operations in 1d arrays by using user defined function:
 (1) Addition of two 1d array.
 (2) Subtraction of two 1d array.
 (3) Transpose of 1d array.
 (4)  Exit 
29. Write a menu based C program to perform the following operations in 1d arrays by using user defined function:
 (1) Insert an element at the beginning in 1d array.
 (2) Insert an element at any position in 1d array 
 (3) Insert an element at the last in 1d array 
 (4)  Delete an element from the beginning from 1d array.
 (5) Delete an element at any position from 1d array. (6)Exit 
30. Write a menu based C program to perform the following operations in 1d arrays by using user defined function:
 (1) Searching an element in 1d array 
 (2) Sorting an element of 1d array. 
 (3) Exit 
31. Write a C program  to enter elements in 2-d array. Also print the elements in matrix form by using user defined function. 
32. Write a C program  to accept 2-D array  and display the sum of all the elements by using user defined function. 
33. Write a menu based C program to perform the following operations in 2d arrays by using user defined function:
 (1) Addition of 2d matrix .
 (2) Subtraction of 2 d matrix.
 (3) Multiplication of two matrices.
 (4) Transpose of any matrix. 
 (5) Exit 
34. Write a C program  to display lower triangular matrix of 3*3 matrix by using user defined function. 
35. Write a C program  to calculate the sum of the elements of lower triangular matrix by using user defined function. 
36.  Write a C program to check that the given matrix is a sparse matrix or not by user defined function. 
37. Write a C program to enter an element in a sparse matrix  and display a sparse matrix in three tupple representation.